update oidc documentation #588 (#688)
rucio/documentation: docs/operator/installing_server.md

Rucio requires two clients at the IdP:

1. [C1] Rucio Auth Client
    This client is used for interactive user authentication (CLI, WebUI) using the Authorization Code Flow.
    - Grant Type: `authorization_code`
    - Audience: `rucio` .
    - Scopes: 
      - At minimum `openid` .
      - Default in rucio `openid` `profile` and `email` .
    - redirect_uris : 
      - `https://<auth_server_name>/auth/oidc_token` 
      - `https://<auth_server_name>/auth/oidc_code` 
  
2. [C2] Rucio Admin Client
   This client is responsible interaction to storages and FTS. Used by transfer and deletion daemons.
   - Grant Type: `client_credential`
   - Audience: 
       - `<storage_hostname>` 
       - `fts`
   - Scopes: 
     - `fts`
     - `storage.modify:<path>`
     - `storage.create:<path>` 
     - `storage.read:<path>`

  `<path>` typically corresponds to the scope accepted by the storage, as described later. 

Please save the client_id and client_secret from both of [C1] and [C2].

### Preparing idpsecrets.json
Create an `idpsecrets.json` file containing the configuration of the two IdP clients. The mount this file to server and daemons.

> If using Helm Chart then use mounting as [described here](https://github.com/rucio/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/rucio-server#additional-secrets).

Reviewer: We could include some security recommendations after this:

```
> **Security:** Never commit `idpsecrets.json` to version control. Store the file securely (Kubernetes Secret, encrypted backup or password manager). Mount secrets as read-only in production and rotate credentials regularly (quarterly recommended).
```

- RUCIO_CFG_PERMISSION_SUPPORT_RUCIO
- RUCIO_CFG_WEBUI_USERCERT

## Enable OIDC
This section describes how to enable authentication and authorization in Rucio using OpenID Connect (OIDC), OAuth2, and JSON Web Tokens (JWTs).

Rucio currently provides full support for INDIGO IAM, and has been tested with CILogon.
Two separate OIDC clients must be registered in the Identity Provider (IdP): one for user authentication and one for daemon/service authorization.

### Registering OIDC Clients to Identity provider (IdP)

Rucio requires two clients at the IdP:

1. [C1] Rucio Auth Client
    This client is used for interactive user authentication (CLI, WebUI) using the Authorization Code Flow.
    - Grant Type: `authorization_code`
    - Audience: `rucio` .
    - Scopes: 
      - At minimum `openid` .
      - Default in rucio `openid` `profile` and `email` .
    - redirect_uris : 
      - `https://<auth_server_name>/auth/oidc_token` 
      - `https://<auth_server_name>/auth/oidc_code`

    > **Note:** use https for redirect_uris .

  
2. [C2] Rucio Admin Client

>    This client is responsible interaction to storages and FTS. Used by transfer and deletion daemons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   This client is responsible interaction to storage volumes and FTS. It is used by transfer and deletion daemons.
```

        "client_id": "fdc297fc-09 ...",
        "client_secret": "APFVcga_X ...",

        "SCIM": {
            "client_id": "5b5e5d3 ...",
            "client_secret": "IQqAcMOa ...",
        }
    }
}
```

### Configuring Rucio Server for OIDC based authentication
The Rucio Auth Client (C1) is used for user login. Enable OIDC in `rucio.cfg`:

```cfg
[oidc]
# Required: Path to the idpsecrets JSON file.
idpsecrets = /path/to/your/idpsecrets.json 

# Required: Matches the <IdP_nickname> key in idpsecrets.json. 

> # example config above make it 'wlcg'

Reviewer 2: Not sure what this means

admin_issuer = <IdP_nickname>

# Optional: Expected 'aud' value in the user JWT. Defaults to 'rucio'.
# if different from default then put what you have for [C1]
expected_audience = 'rucio' 

# Optional: Expected scopes in the JWT. Defaults to 'openid profile email'.
# if different from default then put what you have for [c1]
expected_scope = 'openid profile email'
```

Each user must have an OIDC identity linked to their Rucio account. The OIDC identity consists of:
  - sub claim (unique subject ID)
  - issuer URL of the IdP

Example:
```bash
rucio account identity add --account rucio_user_account \
  --type OIDC \

>   --id "SUB=5b5e5d37-926b-4b42-8a98-a0b4b28baf18, \

Reviewer 2: Could we note which of these are the sub claim and which is the issuer URL? To connect to the above description.

Authorization is applied at the RSE level: This means tokens are scoped to the RSE's storage path prefix described [here](#defining-path-for-storage-capabilities), not to individual files or datasets. A single token grants access to perform operations on any file under the RSE's path based on its capabilities (read, create, modify).

Token-based operations require:
  1. The RSE must have the davs protocol enabled.
  2. The RSE must have the oidc_support attribute set to True.

      ```bash
      rucio rse attribute add --key oidc_support --value True RSE_NAME
      ```

#### Defining `<path>` for Storage Capabilities:
Each storage enforces a specific prefix for `storage.<capability>:<path>` scopes.
There are two cases:
  1. Storage accepts the full RSE protocol prefix
  2. Storage expects part of the RSE protocol prefix
      Set the oidc_base_path RSE attribute to remove the unwanted leading prefix.

      Example:
        - RSE protocol prefix: `/path/to/vo`
        - Storage expects: `/vo`
      Then add:
        ```bash
        rucio rse attribute add --key oidc_base_path --value '/path/to' RSE_NAME
        ```

> FTS must be configured to accept `fts` scope and `<fts_hostname>` audience.

Reviewer 2: Could you include a line or a link to FTS docs on how to do this?
